README for Anorthite:Users:pselkin:Documents:Data:Stillwater:ThermalsPAS 3/5/2003This folder contains data from thermal demag runs on Stillwater samples. Thermals were done on most of the PP, CM, CL, and WC sites, along with some SMC. we also added demag data from zero-field steps from the Thellier experiments (original data in the Stillwater:Thelliers directory; null-field steps copied here for completeness). In all cases, folders marked "old" contain legacy data and their contents should be regarded with suspicion if they are regarded at all.Notes subfolder:Logsheets and procedure document (word files) contain information about how the thermal runs were done. Some text files (measurement notes and dead samples) contain info about what happened during the thermal runs. I have not yet put all of the susceptibility data into the susceptibility excel file.AARMFixed subfolder:This subfolder contains principal C0 and C1 component directions (a.k.a. "b" and "c" in the file names) that were corrected for remanence anisotropy. The uncorrected principal component directions that constitute the starting data are in the AzFixed directory, as are the AARM tensors used to do the corrections, the strat files used to put the data in stratigraphic order, and the AzDip files  used for the tilt correction. All of the AARM corrections were done with the program aarmstrat, which takes the following arguments:	aarmstrat pcafile aarmfile azfile stratfilewhere pcafile is the PCA output from G3 MacPaleomag, aarmfile is the list of AARM tensors in s format and core coordinates (including sigma; the file therefore contains 8 columns: ID sigma s1 s2 etc.), azfile is the azdip file, and stratfile is the file with site IDs and stratigraphic heights (above the Mafic-UM contact, in the case here; shoehorned into McCallum's stratigraphy, with some slight problems up near the OBV/GNIII contact). 	The aarmstrat program takes the PCA direction for each specimen in core coordinates, applies the inverse of the AARM tensor, and then tilt-corrects the result. If aarmstrat does not find the core's ID in the aarmfile (e.g. if the PCA is from pp120a1, it looks for specimens from pp120a in the aarm file), the result is not aarm-corrrected (but is tilt-corrected). The program outputs the following information:	ID MAD DEC* INC* STRATHEIGHT CORRCODEWhere ID is the specimen ID, MAD is the maximum angular deviation from the PCA (unchanged from the raw file... the result might be different if we'd corrected all of the demag steps individually, but it's probably close enough), DEC* and INC* are the corrected Declination and Inclination, STRATHEIGHT is the stratigraphic height of the site, as explained above (note that I just took one height for the pavement samples), and CORRCODE is	0 for data that have not been AARM corrected (no aarm found for this core)	1 or data that have been AARM corrected using data from a different specimen from a different core as the thermally-demagnetized specimen. The core had to have the a similar orientation to the core from which the demagnetized specimen came (+/- 5 degrees), and samples from the same site had to have reasonably similar AARMs. This was mainly used with block sample cores. AARM may have been measured after heating, or AARM specimen may not have been thermally demagnetized.	2 for data that have been AARM corrected using data from a different specimen from the same core as the thermally-demagnetized specimen (AARM may have been measured after heating, or AARM specimen may not have been thermally demagnetized)	3 for data that have been AARM corrected using data from the specimen with the same ID as the thermally-demagnetized specimen (i.e. AARM measured on this specimen after heating)	The "sites" files contain site mean data (AARM and tilt-corrected). Column headings explain the contents.	The "Composite" subfolder contains summary files with all site mean data from all of the localities (CL,CM,PP,SMC,WC), as well as summary files with the results averaged by subzone (e.g. GNIII,ANII,OBIII, etc.). the definitions of the subzones are in the subzones file. The sw-intensities.dat file is a summary of the  intensity data just FYI.  AzFixed subfolder:Contains uncorrected principal components data from Stillwater specimens. Data are in LDGO format. I tried to be consistent while picking the components: b is demagnetized between 500 and 550, and c is removed above 555, but it became obvious that the unblocking temperature range of the c component became narrower and higher as I looked higher up in the complex. Many of the Picket Pin data, for example, have Tub ranges between 565 and 580. For the most part, I did not pick principal components for specimens where the Tub spectra were distributed, specimens that had great-circle demagnetization paths, or for plateau specimens that had very high NRM intensities. All of these properties seem to be associated with lightning strikes or otherwise unstable MD samples. I also did not pick a c component for samples that had <80-90% of their NRM remaining at 550¡, and did not pick a b component where one was not apparent (e.g. only a c component was visible). In cases where I did pick samples with these characteristics, I deleted the results from the datafiles before they got to the AARM Fixed directory.Raw subfolder:The Raw directory has raw measurement data. In it, the "cleaned measurements" directory has files in which I've fixed mislabeled steps, duplicate samples, etc.NRM Intensities subfolder:NRM measurements for all samples (not just those selected for PCA). Used to construct a figure in the SW directions paper.